1. Power on --> idle not camp + PLMN selection --> idle camp  + system access --> connected
2. Connected + release --> idle camped + loss of coverage --> idle not camped
3. Connected + RLF --> idle not camped.
4. PLMN seach can be manual or automatic. All detected PLMNs with RSRP >= -100dBm reported to NAS without RSRP,
RSRP < -100 dBm reported with RSRP.
5. PSS/SSS: frame timing and subframe timing is matched.
6. MIBs: 40ms on PBCH. DL BW, PHICH config, SFN. DL BW specified the number of RBs.
    6: 1.4MHz; 15: 3.5MHz; 25:5MHz, 50: 10MHz, 75:15MHz, 100: 20MHz.
7. SIBs: PDSCH with 80ms. It includes all other SIBs specified in SIB1.
8. SIB1: PLMN; Qrxlevelmin; SI scheduling.
9. SIB2: Acess Parameters and common channel config.
    RACH config,
        powerRampingSteps
        preambleTransMax
        # of Preamble: 64
        Expected Rx of RA RNTI: RA responseWindow.
        PreambleinitialReciviedTargetPower
        Contention resolution timer.
        RAR (MSG2): Timing Advance, TC-RNTI and UL Grant
            timing advance: NW measure UE's PUCCH/PUSCH/SRS reception time and the subframe time.
        MSG3:
        MSG4: upon successful contention resolution, TC RNTI become C-RNTI.
    PDSCH, PUSCH, PUCCH config.
    UE frequency info (UL), SRS, UL power control
    TAT: maximum number of subframes that a UE should consider itself time aligned without timing update from network.
    Timers:
           T310: related to N310. UE out of sync timer start whe N310 detected, stop when N311 received. Expired, UE RLF.
           T300: RRC connection request timer
           T301: RRC re-establishment request
           T304: RRC connection configuration
           T311: RRC re-establishment
     page and DRx:
           paging cycle. In between UE shall sleep. (DRX, Discontinuous Reception)
10. SIB3: Cell reselection parameters
    UE does not perform cell reselection if SIB3 is not broadcast.
    Hysteresis: used to aviod ping pong.
    S nonintrasearch and Thresh seringlow, cell priority.
11. SIB4: Intra-frequency neighbor cell infoae
12. SIB5: Inter-frequency neighbor cell info
13. SIB6 --- SIB8: inter-RAT neighbor cell info.
14. Reselection:
    Intra-frequency cell reselection:
        Only start measurement when the S servingcell < S intraseach
        Only reselection if neighbor cell is Qoffset + Qhyst stronger than serving cell.
        1. cell is camped. Yes
        2. Sintrasearch included:
            Yes: S Serving cell > S intrasearch: if yes, No need to do intra search.
        3. No. Perform measurement on neighbor cell:
            If neighbor cell stronger than serving cell for T reselection. Perform reselection.
            neighbor cell measurment = real measurement - Q offset
            serving cell measurement = real measurement + Q hyst
    Inter-frequency cell reselection:
        1. Start measure neighbor cell:
            If inter-frequency neighbor have higher priority
            or S serving cell < S nonintraserach
        2. reselection:
            If high priory cell's measurement > threshold high
            for equal priority: follow the intra-frequency model
            for low priority: S serving < Threshld serivng low; Sneighbor > threshold low
15. Handover:
    Event base or periodic report
        A1: serving cell become better than an absolute threshold
        A2:                     worse
        A3: neighbor cell become an offset better than serving cell
        A4: neighbor cell become better than an absolute threshold
        A5: serving cell become worse than an absolute threshold and neighbo cell become better than an aboslute threshold
        B1: Inter RAT neighbor become better than an absolute threshold
        B2: similar to B2.
    TTT: time to trigger, report interval, report amount.
    Inter-frequency object have an measurement gap. UE suspended data reception and measure on other RAT.
    RSRQ: N * RSRP/ RSSI where N is number of RBs.

    Two type of handover: X2 and S1:
        X2: least complex. Handover is negotiate directly between the two eNBs.
            Source eNB sent handover request to target eNB.
            Target eNB sent handover request ACK
            Source eNB sent RRC connection reconfig to UE. DL Data frowarded to target eNB.
            UE RACH
            UE start to receive the SIBs and sent RRC connection reconfig complete to target cell.
        S1: no X2 exist between two eNB. (less common see):
            Same as X2 except change in NW side and TAU needed.

16. RLF recovery:
    Type of RLFs:
        T310 expired: Out of sync BLER > 10% > N310. T310 start.
        RACH failure:
            UL DATA RACH
            DL DATA RACH
            uplink time alignment timer expired.
        RLC MAX retx:
        T304 expired
    RLF recovery:
        Once RLF been declared, timer T311 started.
        Once T311 started, UE attempts cell reselection.
        If successful goes to idle state, then UE starts the T301 and begin the connection reestablishment.
        IF T301 expired, UE goes to idle state.